Peru[]is one of the most varied countries in the world. A multicultural country, full of traditions, award-winning gastronomy and vast natural reserves. It has 12 world heritage sites recognized by UNESCO and owns 84 of the 117 life zones that exist in the world.
Argentina[]is the second largest country in South America and the eighth in the world. It has a continental surface of 2,791,810 km2 including the Malvinas Islands, other islands of the South Atlantic and a sector of Antarctica. Counting the Antarctic sector, it has a total area of ​​3,761,274 km2.
Brazil[]It is located in the east of South America, with a total area of ​​8,511,965 km. Brazil as the fifth country in extension and population in the world. In addition, it borders 10 countries territorially, only less than Russia and China (14 countries), and has one of the largest continuous coastlines, with 7,491 km.
Bolivia[]Officially Plurinational State of Bolivia, is a sovereign country located in the central-western region of South America, politically it is constituted as a plurinational state, decentralized with autonomies. It is organized into nine departments.
Colombia[]whose official name is the Republic of Colombia, is a country located in the northwestern area of ​​South America; its capital is Bogota. It has an area of ​​2,070,408 km2, of which 1,141,748 km2 correspond to its continental territory and the remaining 928,660 km2 to its maritime extension.
Mexico[]is the fourteenth largest country in the world, with an area close to 2 million square kilometers. It is the eleventh most populous country in the world, with a population of approximately 118 million inhabitants. The mother tongue is Spanish, which coexists with 67 indigenous languages.
United States[]The US is made up of 50 states and has a total land area of ​​9,629.101 square kilometers, making it the third largest state in the world. To the east of the American continent is the Atlantic Ocean and to the west is the Pacific Ocean.
Costa Rica[]is located in Central America, a territory that is united with North America and South America. It limits to the north with Nicaragua and to the south with Panama. Due to its position, the warm climate predominates; however, many different microclimates can be found throughout the country.
Chile[]Chile, officially the Republic of Chile, is a sovereign country located in the southern tip of South America. It adopts the republican, democratic, unitary and presidential form of government. Its capital is the city of Santiago.
Ecuador[]officially the Republic of Ecuador (in Kichwa: Ecuadorpi Ripuwlika), is a sovereign and multinational country, located in the northwestern region of South America. The capital and most populous city in the country is Quito.
Paraguay[]officially the Republic of Paraguay (in Guaraní, Paraguái Tavakuairetã), is a landlocked country located in the central zone of South America. It is organized as a unitary state, whose territory is made up of a capital district and 17 departments.
Panama[]officially the Republic of Panama, is a country in Central America. Its capital is Panama City. It limits to the north with the Caribbean Sea, to the south with the Pacific Ocean, to the east with Colombia and to the west with Costa Rica.
Jamaica[]is an island belonging to the Greater Antilles. It has 240 km. long and a maximum of 80 km wide, located in the Caribbean Sea. It is 630 km from the Central American subcontinent, 150 km. south of Cuba and 180 km.
Uruguay[]is the second smallest country in South America. It limits to the north with Brazil and to the west with Argentina. Its coasts are bathed by the Atlantic Ocean. The typical Uruguayan landscape is uniform, of a slightly undulating steppe.
Dominican Republic[]It is a country located in the Caribbean, located in the central zone of the Antilles; It occupies the central and eastern part of the island of Hispaniola. Its capital and most populous city is Santo Domingo. It is bordered to the north by the Atlantic Ocean, to the east by the Mona Passage, which separates it from Puerto Rico, to the south by the Caribbean Sea, and to the west by Haiti.